docs: updated highlights regarding u64 bucket counts. (#13429)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/highlights/2022-05-23-0-23-0-upgrade-guide.md

stable AST runtime remains in place, and is now nearly identical in performance
to the VM runtime. If you have `runtime = "vm"` configured in your config, you
need to remove it to avoid Vector from erroring on startup.

#### [Metric bucket counts are now u64] {#metric-buckets}

The field storing metric bucket counts for Histogram metrics has now been upgraded
to use 64 bits from 32 bits. This allows for much larger bucket sizes to be used. To
facilitate this we have updated the proto files that determine how an event is
persisted. Newer versions of Vector will be able to read older versions of metrics,
but older versions of Vector may not be able to read newer versions of metrics.

This has two potential implications that you should consider.

1. Disk buffers should be backed up if you want to be able to roll back to an older
   Vector version since new disk buffer entries may not be readable by older Vector
   versions. The disk buffers location can be found under the
   [Vector data directory](https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/global-options/#data_dir).

> 2. When upgrading Vector to Vector instances make sure you upgrade the consumers first
>    followed by the producers to ensure newer versions of Vector aren't sending data
>    to older versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When upgrading Vector to Vector communication (the `vector` source and sink or the `native` codec) make sure you upgrade the consumers first
   followed by the producers to ensure newer versions of Vector aren't sending data
   to older versions, which may not be able to be read.
```
